it's a mega Jack coming from way back my
name is too short big I don't play that
Jack no oh I didn't want to kill her
squared it crashed down go Edison Josh
look what you've done you've killed two
people already who what the fuck who are
you a lot of me introduce myself my name
is Keith and I'm your inner conscience
what do you want for me I want you to
ask the Lord for forgiveness Josh and I
don't want you to do is pray and all
you're seeing should be forgiving no you
don't even or you allow me to introduce
myself my name is Todd and I am your
inner and most deepest and most darkest
in a conscious and I think you should
just go kill some Oh backstabbing
bitches and ho co fucking chien assholes
Josh don't listen to him you can end up
in jail if you keep killing people you
know what they do to little niggas like
you in jail 17 years old they're pretty
yellow skin they rape do you want to get
great Josh do you want to get great man
fuck all it you ain't gonna get cold I
got your back member on the dark side
god I think losing my damn mind it's
minor conscious tell me last night I ate
today pussy stop being so next you have
supersonic cheeseburger with some french
fries then you ate the pussy
okay okay that was too easy if you mind
a concert in the last video I'm a bitch
bounty hunter nope the last video did
with the video with the party you know
when you got drunk and you had the re
all right shut up alright don't say that
okay your mind of conscious look Josh
the police are coming best I need to do
right now put your clothes on and let's
get the fuck up out of here we gotta go
man we can't go to jail then you got a
bunch of my hoes to go fuck you feeling
I'm saying I say you just turn yourself
in it would just be the only right thing
to do you're gonna get caught anyways
you turn yourself in now maybe we can
get paroled in maybe 20 years or so 20
years I'm 17 that'll be I'd be I'd be 37
hell no see I told he was on some hope
sheep meadow listen to nicki a
motherfucking square let's get the fuck
up out of here right now man let's hit
the africa mean all your friends let's
just go Josh just change something
please you don't have enough money to
even go to Africa so what we could rob a
liquor store that's how we get our money
then we go to Africa okay
I win I mean I when you lose again I one
more point for dark side it's Samantha
Jack comes from way back my name is too
short big play that Jack from the
dangers